Update README.md (#6)
The-Commit-Company/frappe-types: README.md

```bash
$ bench get-app https://github.com/nikkothari22/frappe-types
```

> After Installing the app go search for Type Generation Settings doctype(single doctype) where you can add app name and path where you want to save your .ts files, frappe-types will only run on those app whose app name and path are added to this doctype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the app, search for "Type Generation Settings" in Desk using the Awesomebar. You need to add the app name and path where you want to save your Typescript type definition files. frappe-types will only run on those app whose app name and path are added in these settings.
```
